docs: add keptn certificate manager infos (#652)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: docs/content/en/docs/snippets/tasks/install.md

## Install version 0.6.0 and above

> Since version 0.6.0 you can install the Lifecycle Toolkit using the current release manifest:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since version 0.6.0, you can install the Lifecycle Toolkit using the current release manifest:
```

> Since version 0.6.0, you can install the Lifecycle Toolkit using the current release manifest:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In version 0.6.0 and later, you can install the Lifecycle Toolkit using the current release manifest:
```

<!---x-release-please-start-version-->
```
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/keptn/lifecycle-toolkit/releases/download/v0.5.0/manifest.yaml
kubectl wait --for=condition=Available deployment/klc-controller-manager -n keptn-lifecycle-toolkit-system --timeout=120s
```
<!---x-release-please-end-->

> Now, the Lifecycle Toolkit and its dependency is installed and ready to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Lifecycle Toolkit and its dependency are now installed and ready to use.
```

> The Lifecycle Toolkit and its dependency are now installed and ready to use.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Lifecycle Toolkit and its dependencies are now installed and ready to use.
```

> ## Install version 0.5.0 and below

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Install version 0.5.0 and earlier
```

> You will need to install *cert-manager* first. Therefore, you can use:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You must firt install *cert-manager* with the following commands:
```

> You must firt install *cert-manager* with the following commands:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You must first install *cert-manager* with the following commands:
```

kubectl wait --for=condition=Available deployment/cert-manager-webhook -n cert-manager --timeout=60s
```

> After that you can install the Lifecycle Toolkit <oldversion> with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that, you can install the Lifecycle Toolkit <oldversion> with:
```
